# Introduction to Data Science, Artificial Inteligence, and Machine Learning

## Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Is the ability of machines to perform tasks that typically require human intelligence.
Simulates human intelligence.

## Machine Learning (ML)
Is a subset of AI that deals with the training of models and algorithms with/from data, identify patterns, and make decisions without being explicitly programmed.

## Data Science
It involves extracting insights from data.
Also includes, collecting, cleaning, visualization and storing data.

## Importance of learning AI and Data Science:
- High demand for AI and data-related roles.
- Applications in various industries such as healthcare finance, tech, real estate among many others.
- To gain skills such as problem-solving, analytics, programming.
- To prepare for the future that is automation and AI-driven solutions.

## Writing Your First Python Code: 

In this section, we will write the first program in Python.

## Getting Started: Installing Required Tools

Before we begin writing the Python code, it's essential to set up the necessary tools. You will need:

1. **VS Code (Visual Studio Code)** - A lightweight code editor that provides support for Python and many other languages.  
   - **Installation Guide:** You can follow the installation instructions in the [resources section](resources/tools.md).

2. **Python** - The programming language we'll be using to write the code.  
   - **Installation Guide:** Python installation steps are also covered in the [Resources section](resources/tools.md).

Once you've installed both of these tools, you're ready to write and run your first Python code!

---

### Python Code:

```python
# This is a simple Python program that prints "Hello, Welcome to LuxDev!"
print("Hello, Welcome to LuxDev!")


